well howdy there internet people is beau
again
um so i got a message
um
and i'm gonna answer it i'm gonna go
ahead and warn everybody else
now that this is going to be a long
video
and it's going to be a dark video um
there's
definitely not my normal video but the
question seemed very sincere
and so we're just we're just going to go
with it from there just understand that
this may not be a topic a lot of people
are comfortable with
um so the message bo
because what happened at the synagogue
i've decided to purchase
gun i've gotten advice from my friends
and they have told me to buy either a
revolver
or a shotgun do you agree with this
advice
if not why okay
you were told that because you're a
woman you were told that because you are
a woman
there is a lot of sexism in the gun
crowd
now don't go yell at your friends this
is extremely common advice
most people don't even understand the
subtext of what's being said with that
advice
okay so a revolver a revolver doesn't
have a safety
now whether you didn't put it in your
message but let me tell you what you
probably heard
so you want to get a revolver because it
doesn't jam it's very easy to use and
it's point and shoot
see those sound like great qualities but
the subtext of that is
a you don't have to train because it's
easy to use and it's point and shoot
you will train because if you're going
to purchase a firearm you need to
you need to really understand what
you're dealing with
the the subtext of that though easy to
use means it doesn't have a safety
and well well a little lady that's
because you're panicky
and emotional and you'll forget to flip
a switch
that's where it comes from that's where
that advice comes from
now whoever told you that probably
doesn't know that but that's really
where that advice began
shotgun you probably heard something
like
see when you rack that shotgun the
intruder will hear that and run away
maybe maybe a shotgun being racked
is a very distinctive sound and it has
been known to make people vacate their
bowels and the premises
it will definitely trigger fight flight
or freeze
what if it doesn't trigger flight
your main advantage when dealing with an
intruder in your home
is that you know the layout you can
surprise them
when you rack that shotgun in an attempt
to scare them
you've given away your position that's
not
what you want to do a shotgun
a firearm of any kind is not meant to
scare somebody
it is meant to kill somebody if you are
not comfortable with that
do not purchase a firearm
so how should a woman choose a firearm
same way a man should same way a man
should there is not a firearm
in production and modern production that
a man can handle that a woman can't
well that doesn't really tell you
anything though does it what are you
gonna do with it
i actually went to your profile to to
kind of guess and get a get a read on
you
you've got your profile locked down
pretty tight
good for you i mean i couldn't really
find out anything about you other than
your name
which is impressive
um if you live in a rural area
you probably want a rifle if you live in
an apartment you probably want a pistol
you know your your terrain what's your
what your environment is going to
dictate what kind of firearm you need
i don't know you know and the easiest
way i've found to relate this to women
as i rail about people being sexist if
this comes off that way
i apologize in advance
stilettos flats pumps
crocs those little strappy sandals
they all have different roles right all
have different purposes designed with
something specific in mind
firearms are the same way they are the
same way
each one is designed with a specific
purpose in mind
your purpose based on what you've said
um is to kill a person
that's what you're worried about that's
why you're getting it you're worried
about political violence
and i feel for you i do um i don't think
you're crazy
i wish you were i wish the honest advice
i could give you
would be that you don't need one
you know i good for you you're concerned
and you're willing to accept
responsibility for your own safety
that's that's the reason i'm making this
video um
so then what you figured out the role
now there's a whole bunch of them out
there you can't pick one
by walking into a gun store and just
holding it you need to fire one
now some gun stores will allow you to
take a uh
rent one and go to the range that they
have there buy the ammo there and shoot
it
you i'm being a little bit presumptuous
here based on your last name
and the reason you want this there's
probably somebody
in your circle or at your religious
institution
that is uh
well let's just say he might say never
again a lot
find that guy okay
i guarantee you one there's one at your
synagogue all right
find him he probably has a whole variety
of firearms that he would be more than
willing to let you
sample take to the range and shoot
figure out what you like
um you know without getting too far into
it
a weapon is an extension of yourself uh
you need to find one that fits
you you're not gonna be able to pick one
by reading about them you're gonna have
to shoot them and
that guy and i assure you he exists
that guy probably see it as his duty to
to help you in this regard
so once you have decided
on your firearm and you've purchased it
you're never going to go back to one of
those ranges like that again
you're never going to go back to a range
that says you can fire one shot every
two seconds
you must be standing there like this you
know
you're not going to do that because
you're going to train like you fight
you're going to train to kill not poke
holes in paper
if you're going to buy a firearm for the
purposes that you've
kind of expressed you need to be
prepared to kill
that is what you are that's what you're
saying
um so
you're gonna find somebody that's got
some property and you're gonna go out
there now there may be a range in your
area
depending on where you live that that
has a functioning kill house
that has the ability to to double tap
and all this stuff most ranges don't
allow because of the liability
but you're going to be careful and
either you're going to go to one of
those ranges that has those facilities
and actually allows you to train
or you're going to find some property
and you're going to go out and you're
going to shoot somewhere safely
and you're going to learn how to shoot
from a crouching position
laying down walking forward walking
backward
you're going to learn how to pull it out
of your purse or wherever you plan on
keeping it
i i wouldn't suggest it there actually a
bunch of stuff didn't get in your way if
you're gonna carry
you'll figure it out but understand
you're just gonna have to
try it out find out what's right for you
one of the big things in the gun crowd
is that everybody's got an ego
and everybody thinks their way is right
it's not
it's not it may be right for them but
that doesn't mean it's going to be right
for you
so you're going to train you're going to
learn how to maintain that weapon you're
going to take it apart put it back
together you're going to clean it
you're going to learn about it otherwise
don't get one
you're going to learn how to shoot
safely and then
once you've established all of that then
you're going to really start training
when you go to shoot don't take
silhouettes
take paper plates you can shoot paper
plates
because the silhouette has got the score
on it
right and it looks like a person
it causes people to kind of succumb to
the close enough syndrome
well i got one round here one round here
one round over here well that'll put
somebody down
no if you're doing this you're in a
fight for your life
it'll probably work isn't good enough
so you can get a paper plate because
that's about the size of
the kill area on a human chest and about
the size of a human head
and when you can put a magazine into
that you're on the right track
one of the reasons you don't want to go
to normal range is because
putting uh you know they want you to
take that break they don't want rapid
fire
because of the liability in real life
when you're actually engaging somebody
anybody worth shooting once is worth
shooting twice
any time you pull that trigger and it's
aimed at a person
you're pulling it twice
now again in the gun crowd some advice
you're you're gonna get you're gonna
hear people talk about groupings
and that's how quickly or how closely
they can put the bullets together and
the tighter the better
that's true if you're talking about
paper and you're in a tournament
in real life you want about two three
inches
separating your rounds because when a
bullet hits
creates a wound channel but it also
kills tissue around
the wound there's no sense in shooting
the same tissue twice
so you're going to want them separated a
little bit but still
within that paper plate area
um i
now every ear doctor in the world is
going to send me hate mail for this
but i would at least once fire without
ear protection
because in real life
you may not have it and you don't want
to be surprised
i can tell you from personal experience
um
first time i fired without ear
protection on i i was not ready for it
it can be disoriented especially if
you're in an enclosed space
is very loud and it can actually be
painful
you need to be prepared for that it's
not something i would recommend doing a
lot
because you will suffer hearing loss but
you don't want the first time you
experience that
to be with somebody shooting at you you
want to be prepared for
all of this up front um
so now we've covered the basics
of training and there's a lot more to it
and
as you start shooting you'll you'll pick
up more
you'll pick up more little things that
you're going to want to do and learn how
to do and
that and that's part of it um perching
is purchasing a firearm
going to the range once and throwing it
in a box is one thing
actually learning how to fight and be
prepared for the type of political
violence you're talking about is
something entirely different
it's it's a journey it's not an event
um so then the question becomes
how do you win a firefight
um you need three things
you need speed surprise and violence of
action
speed you're gonna get through your
training you're gonna be able to do
everything you need to do train change
magazines you're to practice that
you're going to practice pulling it out
you're going to practice
all of this and you're going to get
quick
and then on a tactical on a higher level
of
than that once you've decided to act
this you know you make the decision
you're going to act you're going to
engage
at that point you got to do it quickly
surprise exactly what it sounds like you
know
on tv i got a gun
freeze no no
and not unless you're required to by the
laws in your area
you you don't do that there's no reason
to
when you're talking about somebody
walking into a synagogue
and that's the type of person you're
worried about engaging
don't play fair play as dirty as you are
legally allowed to
if you can shoot him in the back do it
this type of thing you're talking about
combat
there's no honor in combat there's no
playing fair
you win or you die
and violence of action violence of
action is the last thing
and that means that once you have
engaged
you bring down as much firepower onto
that poor sob as you can
as quickly as you can you shock him
you make it to where it it's just
terrifying
for the last few minutes of his
existence seconds hopefully
pretty dark right that's the reality
that is the reality of what you're
talking about
you know and i don't i'm not trying to
dissuade you
from doing it i think it's a good thing
if you want to prepare and you want to
protect yourself and you're going to
accept that responsibility
it is fantastic it's great
but you can't go into it blind you can't
go into a blind you have to understand
what you're actually doing
um so
what about a home intruder
you know what are you gonna do you're
gonna rush up and meet him
no it's one of the things it's ingrained
in men and women and i i think it goes
back to
cavemen days you know the men would rush
forward
and meet the wolves at the door
literally meet the predator at the door
and the women we'll put the kids behind
them
you still see this today
um here's the thing bullets come out
and they travel a great distance there
is never a reason to leave cover
to engage somebody in the open you don't
do it
you stay protected you stay behind
something now as far as kids
you know there's that instinct you put
you between
yourself and the children and it makes
sense
on an emotional level on a logical level
if you're going to be shooting at
somebody
odds are they're going to be shooting
back what if they miss you
what's behind you you put those kids in
a bathroom in a bathtub
out of sight out of the line of fire
and you've got time to do that because
you're not going to worry about material
possessions
in the event of an intruder in your home
you're going to lock down human life
you're going to protect
life and that is it if somebody's coming
into your house to steal tvs
or whatever you're waiting at the
hallway
to the bedrooms you're not going out
there to meet them
a tv isn't worth dying over
only protect human life only protect
what matters
um you know
you're the layout of your home and and
the layout of anywhere if you know it
and the person attacking doesn't the
opposition doesn't know the layout
you can win easily because you can use
speed surprise and violence of action
and you can use that layout you want to
catch them in what's called a fatal
funnel
fatal funnel that's exactly what it
sounds like
a hallway with no side doors you wait
till they're halfway in
and that's when you open fire they can't
go to the sides
they can't move forward or backward
without being
without meeting your violence of action
and that's what you're going to want to
do because again
you're trying to kill that's what you're
setting out to do
never forget that um
now everybody's going to have
recommendations
my recommendation is you you get a
firearm
that is whatever class you decide
whatever role it is that you you've
decided to fill
you get a firearm that was used by
military
or one based on a design that was used
by the military
and the reason for that is they're
simple most militaries all over the
world
they accept just about anybody so the
firearms have to be very easy to use
you know the said it before the m16 was
designed to be used by the dumbest 17
year old kid you know
that's what you want you want something
easy to use
easy to maintain and very reliable
that's what military firearms are
um
other than that i mean i wish you luck
i wish you luck i really wish we didn't
live in a world
where a woman who appears to be in her
early 20s
is worried about getting gunned down
whilst you're worshiping but it's the
world we live in
you're worried about political violence
and it's on the rise
so i i really do wish i could give you
different advice i wish i could say you
don't need to do this
i really do but i can't
um the best advice i can give you
is to you know you've made the decision
do it right do it right
learn the weapon never forget
that it is to kill
nothing else you're not going to do
anything else with it
then kill
and uh i think yeah
so there's a a very atypical
video from me
anyway a whole bunch of thoughts there
y'all have a good night